***Country Name:
Australia
***Latest News:
No information available
***International Restrictions:

All travellers: To enter Australia, you must hold a valid passport, a valid visa, and a completed and signed Incoming Passenger Card.
Incoming Passenger Cards are distributed during your flight to Australia by your airline. For more information about visas, see “check your passport and travel documents” section below.COVID-19 requirements: Travellers do not require a pre-departure COVID-19 test to enter or transit Australia regardless of their COVID-19 vaccination status. You should check if COVID-19 testing requirements are different for any transit countries you will pass through on the way to Australia, or if your airline has additional requirements.
As of 6 July 2022, travellers to Australia will no longer have to complete a Digital Passenger Declaration if arriving by air, or a Maritime Travel Declaration if arriving by sea, and there is no requirement to declare or prove your vaccination status for entry to Australia.
However, states and territories can apply their own travel restrictions on travellers arriving from international and domestic locations. You should check requirements for the state or 
territory/ in which you will arrive. Border rules can change quickly. Travellers should prepare for disruptions to their plans.
Quarantine requirements: Each state and territory is responsible for determining and managing quarantine requirements. You should check requirements for the state or territory in which 
you will arrive. If any quarantine requirements apply, for example if you test positive for COVID-19, you will need to comply with the quarantine requirements in the state or territory 
you are in before travelling on to another state or territory.
If you’re fully vaccinated: All fully vaccinated visa holders can travel to Australia.
Proof of vaccination status: From 6 July 2022, proof of vaccination is not required for entry into Australia. You may be required to provide proof of vaccination status to enter or transit through other countries, or for use within Australia. If you were vaccinated in Australia, you should use anInternational COVID-19 Vaccine Certificate  (ICVC) generated by Services 
Australia.
Australia will accept the proof of COVID-19 vaccination record and proof of COVID-19. Your appointment card from vaccination centres is not designed to be used as proof of vaccination and should not be used to demonstrate your vaccine status.
If you’re not fully vaccinated: From 6 July 2022, proof of vaccination is no longer required for entry into Australia. All visa holders can travel to Australia, regardless of vaccination status. You should check if proof of COVID-19 vaccination status requirements are different for any transit countries you will pass through on the way to Australia, or if your airline has additional requirements.
Each state and territory is responsible for determining and managing quarantine requirements. You should check requirements for the state or territory in which you will arrive.
If any quarantine requirements apply, for example if you test positive for COVID-19, you will need to comply with the quarantine requirements in the state or territory you are in before travelling on to another state or territory.
Public health restrictions may apply differently to people who are not vaccinated for COVID-19. Proof of COVID-19 vaccination may be required for entering certain places or premises. You should check requirements for all the states and territories you plan to visit.
Children and young people: From 6 July 2022, children and young people will not be required to show proof of COVID-19 vaccination status to enter Australia. You should check if proof of COVID-19 vaccination status requirements are different for any transit countries you will pass through on the way to Australia, or if your airline has additional requirements.
If you’re transiting through Australia: As of 6 July 2022, travellers transiting through Australia will no longer have to complete a Digital Passenger Declaration if arriving by air, or a Maritime Travel Declaration if arriving by sea.
British citizens are eligible to transit through Australia for a maximum of 8 hours without a visa. If you wish to transit without a visa, you must remain airside and you will not be able to clear immigration, including to collect baggage which should have been checked through to your final destination. You can check information from the Department of Home Affairs on 
 transiting without a visa. If you are not eligible to transit without a visa, for example if your transit time is longer than 8 hours, you will need to apply for and obtain a visa before travelling to Australia.
If you plan to transit Australia, check the latest entry restrictions for your destination and keep in touch with your airline, cruise line or tour operator before you travel.



***Internal Restrictions:

Travel in Australia: Domestic travel restrictions are decided at the state-level. They may vary across the country and may be subject to change at short notice which could disrupt travel plans. You should check individual State and Territory websites for the latest information, including on whether you need to provide your COVID-19 vaccination status, apply for an exemption to cross borders or self-isolate on arrival.
Public spaces and services: Social distancing restrictions and other local measures are still in place across Australia with a number of variations. These are liable to change at short 
notice. You should monitor State and Territory websites
for the latest information where you are and comply with these measures and other advice from local authorities. You can also check restrictions on the Australian Department of Health’s COVID-19 Restriction Checker.
Measures may include:
•        restrictions on numbers of people at most non-work gatherings, in shops, cafes, restaurants and other places of public gathering, and on visitors to private residences
•        social distancing
•        restrictions on visiting aged care homes or hospitals
•        wearing of facemasks
•        providing proof of COVID-19 vaccination status
If you test positive for COVID-19, you may need to stay where you are until you test negative. You may also need to seek treatment there.