***Country Name:
United Kingdom of Great Britain & Northern Ireland
***Latest News:
No information available
***International Restrictions:

From 4am on Friday 18 March, you do not need to take any COVID-19 tests or fill in a passenger locator form when travelling to the UK from abroad. These changes apply whether you are fully vaccinated or not.
Travel to England rules: When you travel to England, you:
•        do not need to complete a UK passenger locator form before you travel.
•        do not need to take any COVID-19 tests before you travel or after you arrive
•        do not need to quarantine when you arrive
This applies whether you are vaccinated or not.
It includes people who are transiting through England. Other countries may have rules about what you need to do to leave the country to travel to England. You should check travel advice for the country you are travelling from.



***Internal Restrictions:

England: You will not be legally required to self-isolate if you test positive for COVID-19. Stay at home if you can and avoid contact with other people. You 
will not have to take daily tests or be legally required to self-isolate following contact with someone who has tested positive for COVID-19.The Test and Trace Support Payment Scheme will end. If you were told to self-isolate before 24 February you can still make a claim up to 6 April.
Northern Ireland: From 4am on Friday 18 March, you do not need to take any COVID-19 tests or fill in a passenger locator form when travelling to the UK from abroad. These changes apply whether you are fully vaccinated or not.
Scotland: Most legal coronavirus (COVID-19) restrictions, including on wearing face coverings, will end. For more information on plans to ease restrictions and manage and recover from the pandemic, read ‘Coronavirus (COVID-19): staying safe and protecting others’ on gov.scot
Wales: If the current public health situation remains stable, all remaining restrictions will be removed by the 28MAR22.
Overseas Territories Regulations:
Anguilla-specific regulations can be found here.
Bermuda-specific regulations can be found here.
British Virgin Islands-specific regulations can be found .
Cayman Islands-specific regulations can be found here.
Falkland Islands-specific regulations can be found here.
Gibraltar-specific regulations can be found here.
Turks and Caicos-specific regulations can be found here.